Renaming of pipeline run secrets (#165)
SAP/stewardci-core: docs/secrets/Secrets.md

Details can be found on the [Examples page][jenkins_k8s_credential_provider_plugin_examples] of the plugin.

When a pipeline gets executed in a transient sandbox namespace, the secrets listed in `spec.secrets` of the corresponding PipelineRun resource object are copied to the sandbox namespace with the same name.

> 
> If a renaming is required you may add an annotation with the key `steward.sap.com/secret-rename-to` and the new name as the value. The secret will be available with the new name in the Jenkins. The new name must be a vaild kubernetes name. In the `spec.secrets` you need to use the original name of the secret as it is existing in the tenant namespace.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to rename the secret while it gets copied by providing the desired name as annotation `steward.sap.com/secret-rename-to` on the source secret. The desired name must be a valid Kubernetes Secret name and be unique within the sandbox namespace. In `spec.secrets` of pipeline runs the original secret name must be used to select secrets.
```
